♪ Yay! ♪
(Yei!)
♪ HUGtto Good Pretty Cure ♪
(HUGtto Good Purikyua)
♪ So many jobs for us to do! ♪
(Oshigoto unto moridakusan!)
♪ Pilots flying high up in the sky ♪
(Sora wo byu byuntto pairotto)
♪ Or even a cabin attendent ♪
(Kyanbin atendanto)
♪ Baker, book shop keeper, ♪
(Panyasan honyasan)
♪ you want to feel the wonderful rush of love? ♪
(madamada kyunto koi shitai?)
♪ Living your life together with someone! ♪
(Dareka to issho Life!)
♪ Endless・opportu・nities! ♪
(Mu・gen・dai!)
♪ There's so many things out there in front of me
(Kikkake wa me no mae ni ippai afurete)
♪ Um well, what could I do? Do my best in 1・2・3! ♪
(Eeto, doushiyo kana faito 1・2・3!)
♪ Gathering the hints that shine brightly ♪
(Pikapika hikaru yōna hinto atsumete)
♪ And let's find out what we want to be ♪
(Naritai jibun mitsukechaou)
♪ Fashion leader, oh it's Show time! ♪
(Fasshon riidaa Show time!)
♪ Idol on stage ♪
(Aidoru ON suteeji)
♪ Music and the arts + illustrator or designer ♪
(Ongaku ni geijutsu tasu irasutoreetaa dezainaa)
♪ Waitress, make up artist, let's dance ♪
(Weitoresu meiku appu rettsu dansu)
♪ To the beat, hey c'mon! ♪
(Norinori de Hey kamon!)
♪ Worldwide traveller ♪
(Sekaijuu toraberaa)
♪ Super hardworking director Yes! ♪
(Chou tenshon shachou Yes!)
♪ Try opening all doors to those different pathways ♪
(Ironna michi e no tobira hiraite mitara)
♪ Picture a dreaming heart in your mind ♪
(Yumemiru doriimii na haato egaite)
♪ And then let's fly ♪
(Tobidasou yo)
♪ Believe in how strong the power of love is ♪
(Gutto kuru suki no chikara shinjite)
♪ And someday you'll want to ♪
(Itsuka gyutto)
♪ Embrace that future so tightly ♪
(Dakishimetaku naru nda sonna mirai wo)
♪ With a hug! With a hug! ♪
(HUGtto ne! HUGtto ne!)
♪ HUGtto! Pretty Cure ♪
(HUGtto! Purikyua)
♪ Yes! ♪
(Haai!)
♪ Teacher please, what about the others? ♪
(Sensei dōzo hoka ni wa?)
♪ Engineer, scientist ♪
(Enjinia kenkyuusha)
♪ Florist, nurse ♪
(Ohanayasan kankoshisan)
♪ Endless・opportu・nities! ♪
(Mu・gen・dai!)
♪ Yay! ♪
(Yei!)
Original song: HUGtto! Future✩Dreamer
(HUGto! Pretty Cure ending theme #1)
We need more translators!
Join our Discord or AI-chan news!
https//discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Timed by Loserbait
Special thanks to http://prettycure.wikia.com/